DOC-2201: Added link to `ai.adoc` to direct users to the AI Assistant demo. (#3044)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/ai.adoc

Users can retrieve a history of their conversations with the AI using the xref:#getThreadLog[`getThreadLog` API], including any discarded responses.

[NOTE]
.{pluginname} demo
====

> For marketing purposes, {productname} will _only_ be providing a demo for **AI Assistant** on our main website. Checkout https://www.tiny.cloud/tinymce/features/ai-integration/[tiny.cloud/tinymce/features/ai-integration].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Demos containing the {pluginname} plugin are currently only available on our main website. Check out https://www.tiny.cloud/tinymce/features/ai-integration/[the {pluginname} demo], or the https://www.tiny.cloud/[demo on our home page], to try it out today.
```
